Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to enter the tutorial on this course on Ruby.
And in this story, we are going to cover that include Method and Ruby, not include is a strange class
method in Ruby, which is used to return.
True, if a given string contains the given string or character you have specified.
Now the syntax for that is quite simple, as you can see over here as well.
It is string what you want to check and then you have to write and not include.
So after that include what you have to do is to specify the string you want to check.
That is going to be string one.
So let's just do it.
All right.
So let's say you have, let's say a string that is.
Tutorials and you want to check if, let's say Y equals, do you want to check if X.
Include a question mark and you want to check it to is a part of this, as you can see, that you have
got this two over here.
So what do you have to do is that you will write in votes while we're here on this court.
And as you can see, that it has returned.
Now it has returned true because.
This ex basically contains this do not, for example, right into your s O'Hare or underscored it is
going to return false because S is not a part of this now is not going to check for a random sequence,
because if you.
Right.
And let's say the well run the score, it is going to return false because steel is not present here
in the combined form D is there or is there, is there.
But they have to be together because we have specified a sequence of characters over here.
We have not specified something like the comma, let's say, or and then let's say you've got Alawa
here and we have not run like that.
And if you do it like that, it is also going to generate errors because you can not check for multiple
characters like this.
So you can just specify like this and it is going to return.
True, because this is a part of this.
So that's how you can check if a certain sequence of characters are included in a string or not.
So I guess a simple tutorial.
That's what it.
Thank you so much for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.